I had hey it's Monday and today I'm just
wearing a neutral look on my eyes and I
curled my ends out with a wand I'm
wearing this hot pink blouse shirt and
fur 21 and slug and I covered my butt
and I'm wearing it with this cheetah
belt from forever 21 and my nails are
trying glazes hot pink then I have on
the skooled necklace I preferred to be
one and my leggings are just black and
they're from H&M and I want that it with
the riding boots so in Tuesday I'm just
wearing the same natural look I wore on
Monday with just winged liner and white
eyeshadow then I'm wearing this gray top
from forever 21 I pin my hair back and
it just I'm wearing a fitting necklace
with it and then the top just has pink
sequins and I cards my butt and I just
wore it with black leggings and that was
it hey it's Wednesday and today I'm just
wearing the same exact wing look my hair
hair just drained and I pinned it back
like the two front pieces like I did
last time I'm wearing these little heart
earrings from firm 21 and my necklace is
just an infinity necklace with little
diamonds and my nails are the same China
Glaze color then for my hair I'm showing
you I just got it back to like a pink
pin in this circular thing and then I'm
wearing this shirt from North shimmer
just like a chiffon cream shirt that
cars my butt and then on top I wear this
cardigan from French when you want it's
just taupe and has cream hearts on it
and I belted it the belt from H&M and
then I'm showing you my earrings like
this again and then I just wore black
leggings from H&M and that was it the
American dream
so for Thursday I just wore the same
neutral eye look that I wear this whole
week and then for my earrings I just
wear the same meetings from freshman one
and the same infinity necklace for my
sweater I wear this cable knit sweater
from forever 21 and is just a white it
has a cable and sweater on the front
pattern on the front and the back I
paired it with this chope scarf from
Senate Rena - no you got a lot of you
guys have seen and then I paired it with
another taupe skirt from H&M and I wore
with tight and I Ward this look with my
sparkly augs
cuz I did but I just didn't show them
and yeah that was basically they look
for a Thursday and that was it bye
hey I so it's Friday and am wearing a
neutral look which is kind of some Brown
Shannon's in a nude lip with the same
exact earrings from French way one of
those little pink hearts that I wear the
past two days I also wear my three
knuckle you can't see it under my scarf
then for my hair I put in this black
lace headband which I'll show you in a
second from Eritrea when it's sparkly I
think it's really cute and adds to the
outfit then I put my hair and just in a
ponytail the back since I'm wearing a
big scarf I don't want it to be clumping
and so that's what I did for my hair
that day for my shirts it's sure from
everyone supposed to look like denim and
it's really comfy and it has its cutouts
on the shoulders and on the sleeves I
think it's really cute and the shirts
long enough to cover my butt so I did
work with leggings I'm for sure covered
and then I think I just wore it with my
sparkly Uggs
and yeah and that was it for Friday I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching bye
I had away oh I had a heart then but the
Queen has been overthrew